Hello everyone who nonstop
the new short wheat for minecraft is
it's about weather and turné mode and 2 is
say a bot that will add us
tornados to minecraft is worth the truth is
he is very handsome and he is also going to
force us to make houses underground
ok because if not how he asked us for a
Tornado we're going to blow us will
destroy everything we have in the
surface so I'll quickly go to
explain what this mode has and then
I will teach you how to install it worth this mod
It has a few things worth it has this
block called sensor or sensor screw
and it also has this sensor siren
and then apart you have these options of
here that are let's call the demos
a kind of demos of how the
physics of the way it's worth and we would have
also this this surfboard and this
vector trip, I'm going to put the
vector tree that by the way does not have
character or as I tell you is a kind
of moss so what is going to serve is going to
be for
Let's give and it will start to grow
tree is worth just as I say it is
a way for us to see how they work
the physics in this way is worth so if
we choose for example this item test
greasing games so we choose the item dril
going to go down let's give them you see
it starts as it has undermined thus saying but
you have kenny we got objects or nothing
so it looks like download since it has
come out as I tell you then those are the
objects that we are not going to see
this is the drill this one creates a
little wave here in the grass you see
lifts up so to speak the leaves
but we're going to go to the
important that are going to be these two of
here and this lathe advocate tornadoes are
they go to spain we will also teach
the surfboard that is so it has
it has graph theo, it's worth, we're going to place it
here it stays this way we're going to
can mount with right click but not
we are going to be able to move, it's just us
we will be able to move if there is current in
the water is to say if we have here some
block that and the water is moving this
table will move also well after
see this let's move on with these
blocks we're going to have the first of
all this sensor is worth going to be created from
this way gold iron and reston so that
will serve once it detects a
tornado will send a signal of the rest is worth
let's put it like that just to
let's see and we will also have a
mermaid that is going to character this
way we're going to need a sensor in the
half more iron and more rest very well
the tornadoes will be created in a
natural in the world is worth but now for
that you see one I'm going to use this
creative tool for what
let's see you see also how this wind
move the particles you will also be
hearing the sound of the wind in the background
so now, kids, let's go to
try it out let's see how the
rest will be very handsome and you'll see
what poor houses right click
and today radio keeps us away you are not hearing
of good gone there so we 're
turned on to see if it approaches here
it is understood but good
as you see sensor
It's a ballet bar in the pine forest
is leaving everything
look how you create all the blocks worth
he picks them up they start to give for the
sent from villagers and now also
when it starts it will also start to catch
water to drink water you see change color
also this is land if you go to
around the trees is going to come back
of green color I will place another one by
here is that he is very handsome already when looking
what bigger thing is worth as you see
leaving this trail and mostly going
picking up the blocks as the earth the
sand gravel but wood
trees but not the stone is worth so
if we have a shelter made of stone or
inside the earth it will not happen to us
nothing right let's try to fiddle
because I think this one is very good
I had to like that
the villagers
but hey, I wanted him to go through a
tree but good kids
and I'm going to remove the creative now for
what do you see
and it also takes us to the top when
we are in the middle of the ground not very good
when we are more or less in the middle
of the tornado
the sound is muffled like in life
real worth so but by the creative
before killing me
just in time kids but it is that
very handsome
so this module mode and so on
but well there we have them brought this
of the mod
I hope you liked it really
which is pretty good especially for
Give a little more difficulty to
play minecraft so nothing else
I told you I was going to record a video today
to show you the server is now
maintenance itself is worth so I'm going
to wait two or three hours to see if what
they reopen I can record I do the
video and see if we can this
late-night we do not all play together
so nothing said this I hope that you
I liked the mold and I tell you I hope
that you enjoy any doubt
you comment and now
now explain to you how it was until now
kids to install the swimmer motor
We are going to need forge as I did a
tutorial explaining I leave the link
up here on the left if any
I did not have it installed and I'm going to leave you
also the forge version in the
description of the video I leave you also the
description of the video the mod is worth it
that once installed forge and downloaded
the bike we are going to come to start
to write percentage data app
percentage we 're going to go to the folder
point minecraft and here is a folder
call mods ok let's unzip
our tornado mod with win win
winrar or any other type of
compressor and we appear this puts that
let's place the contents of this folder
it's worth inside the mods folder so
let's select these four
files and we're going to copy them inside
our mods folder and it very well
we would have the mode installed so
let's run minecraft
We select the forge profile and we
we give to play
very well single player create new world
creative create
ok we're here we're going to give the
letter
and in the mystery part we will
appear the different objects you see the
sensor we also have the sirens like this
that we can say that it is installed
correctly and we will activate one
of these tornadoes are worth sales to see what
What's up
up
the quintal is great and as you can see here
we would have our tornado
and then leaves the trees
so we can not say anything that we have
installed correctly
the tornado is still 100% destructive
so I do not expect you to enjoy it
I hope you make us of the houses and nothing
to see if in a few hours I can
record the other video to talk about it
we talk about the server as I have already
said and nothing and see you tonight is worth
so nothing kids until then